release: insomnia 13.2 (#6596)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/enterprise-user-management.md

## User activity reports

You can generate a CSV report about active and inactive users by clicking the download button next to **Last Active** in the [Licenses](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/enterprise/licenses) page.

> Each report contains the date at which each user last opened Insomnia. This report can be filtered by the last 7, 30, or 90 days. 

Reviewer: Not really filtered... more that it contains data on the amount of activity in the last 7, 30 and 90 days to help figure out who uses insomnia a lot, and who uses it a little (where last login date by itself doesnt tell you if they did 1 thing or 10,000 things in Insomnia).

The 3 events we currently count (all in one bucket) are creating requests, sending them, and creating documents. So this is at least a reasonable proxy for "is person X actually using Insomnia this month"

Author: ```suggestion
Each report includes the date each user last used Insomnia in the last 7, 30, or 90 days. Tracked activity includes creating and sending requests and creating documents.
```
